feat: introduce appendix section (#199)
open-feature/spec: specification/appendix.md

---

> title: Appendix

Reviewer: Let's give this a name, like "Appendix A: Included Utilities"

Author: Updated to `Appendix-A`

description: General guideline and details for OpenFeature maintainers and users
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Appendix

> This document contains extra information for OpenFeature maintainers and users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document contains requirements for auxiliary utilities provided by the SDK, such as testing utilities.
```

## In-memory provider

Language specific OpenFeature SDK implementations are recommended to expose an in-memory provider built into the SDK.
This in-memory provider is intended to be used for testing and may serve as a reference implementation.

Given below are features this provider should support,

- Provider must be initiated with a pre-defined set of flags provided to a constructor
- Feature Flag structure must be minimal but should help testing requirements
- EvaluationContext support should be provided through callbacks/lambda expressions to minimize implementation efforts
- Provider must continue to support new specification enhancements

## SDK end-to-end testing

OpenFeature project maintains end-to-end(e2e) test suite defined with [Gherkin syntax](https://cucumber.io/docs/gherkin/).
These test definitions resides in [OpenFeature test-harness](https://github.com/open-feature/test-harness) repository.

> E2E tests must utilize [in-memory provider](#in-memory-provider) defined withing the SDK and must be self-contained.

Reviewer: I think we should make these look the same as all our spec doc (the block quoted sections with supporting non-normative text)

Author: Sure. But I think we can avoid requirement specific sub-titles

Author: See the change - https://github.com/open-feature/spec/pull/199/files#diff-25d074ddcf74de52c023905677f35d6cb27f782e92af7fe5c147ce065db8d9dbR11-R28

Reviewer: > Sure. But I think we can avoid requirement specific sub-titles

Ya these don't end up in the `specification.json` which I'm personally fine with, since this is an appendix about included utilities.
